# August 22, 2022
Today I worked on:
    The team collaborated on creating our models to reinforce ubiquitous language throughout the project once we move on to paired or solo programming. While working on models we ran into an unknown territory - image file uploads for our website users. Through lots of research through docs, stackoverflow, and youtube videos we were able to determine we needed to install Pillow and use ImageField in our Django model. At the present time we have coded for the ability to upload an image as a user that is stored in the database under the path name to where it is stored in a media directory. This strategy for image storage is not practical in the real world sense if our website was to become widely popular. It would need to be updated to store images to the cloud to free up space within our program, however at this point in time the directory within our code actually saves money not having to pay for cloud space. One other problem we ran into was creating the phone number field in Django, for now we have it set as a TextField but in the future we would like to implement a specific format for user input so all phone numbers appear the same in the database.

# August 19, 2022
Today I worked on:
    The team collaborated on setting up our MVP and stretch goals. For now our MVP includes a profile page for dogs to include their information and a search page to show the profiles of other dogs within the user's dog's state. We updated our Excalidraw group notes and discussed ubiquitous language for our project and the microservices we will implement.  We created our docker-compose file.